use 1.16 architect image (#235)
giantswarm/architect-orb: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Update Go version used in integration tests to 1.16
> - Bump architect to TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Go version used in integration tests to 1.16.
- Bump architect to 3.3.0.
```
